---
title: Test2
layout: default
---

Print ads are essential revenue for most papers. Retail ads are
essential for print. Sunday is essential for retail. Inserts are
essential for Sundays. The base of that entire inverted pyramid is
being supported by the marketing departments of no more than a couple
dozen national advertisers.

<script src="https://gist.github.com/scoop/7a7389b300e9437884cf.js"></script>

Those advertisers already have one foot out the door, having abandoned
the idea that ads have to be printed inside the paper to reach their
audience. CVS and Best Buy have so little connection to the papers
they ride along with that they don’t even bother printing the
addresses of their local outlets anymore. (You can always find that
information online.) From the advertiser’s point of view, the nation’s
newspapers have become little more than a blue-bag delivery service,
with a horoscope and enough local sports inside to get people to open
the bag.

<script src="https://gist.github.com/joegallo/1502b1315df2c01cb7ec.js"></script>

Those advertisers already have one foot out the door, having abandoned
the idea that ads have to be printed inside the paper to reach their
audience. CVS and Best Buy have so little connection to the papers
they ride along with that they don’t even bother printing the
addresses of their local outlets anymore. (You can always find that
information online.) From the advertiser’s point of view, the nation’s
newspapers have become little more than a blue-bag delivery service,
with a horoscope and enough local sports inside to get people to open
the bag.

<p class="lead">In which I figure out how to blog...</p>

Remember, raptors run at 10 m/s, and they do not know fear.

A wild test appears!

```clojure
(defn foo [x]
  (println "Whoa" x))

;; we can go to 68 columns here without wrapping
;; 123456789 123456789 123456789 123456789 123456789 123456789 12345
```

Let's add some more code here, and let's add a code span `(like
this)`.

## Foobar

More text here. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing
elit. Curabitur vel est sed lacus luctus iaculis. Lorem ipsum dolor
sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Praesent sit amet semper felis,
vitae pulvinar lorem. Sed vitae nunc enim. Nam at libero malesuada,
commodo est eget, consectetur ligula. Phasellus in vehicula velit, ac
ultricies nibh. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per
conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nullam id quam libero. Nullam
id risus consectetur, euismod nisi vel, tempor sem. Vivamus nec
porttitor augue. Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique
tristique metus. Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien
libero, sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.

> Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique tristique metus.
> Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien libero,
> sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
> fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
> lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.
>
> <footer>Michael Scott, 'The Office'</footer>

Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique tristique metus.
Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien libero,
sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.

1. Apple
2. Orange
3. Banana

Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique tristique metus.
Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien libero,
sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.

* Apple
* Orange
* Banana

Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique tristique metus.
Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien libero,
sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.

### More Foobar

More text here. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing
elit. Curabitur vel est sed lacus luctus iaculis. Lorem ipsum dolor
sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Praesent sit amet semper felis,
vitae pulvinar lorem. Sed vitae nunc enim. Nam at libero malesuada,
commodo est eget, consectetur ligula. Phasellus in vehicula velit, ac
ultricies nibh. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per
conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Nullam id quam libero. Nullam
id risus consectetur, euismod nisi vel, tempor sem. Vivamus nec
porttitor augue. Sed diam dui, scelerisque id libero a, tristique
tristique metus. Quisque consequat sodales euismod. Curabitur sapien
libero, sollicitudin elementum congue ac, pretium vel massa. Maecenas
fermentum tempus felis vitae malesuada. Morbi non risus dapibus,
lobortis arcu ut, ornare leo.
